velox/functions/prestosql/coverage/README.md, before:

# Coverage Maps

Velox includes a subset of scalar, aggregate and window Presto functions.
velox_prestosql_coverage utility is used to generate a list of available
functions and coverage maps showing which subset of all and most used functions
is available. The output uses reStructured text format suitable for use in
Velox documentation.

> velox_prestosql_coverage

Generates a list of Presto functions available in Velox. The output
to be copy-pasted into velox/docs/functions.rst file.

> velox_prestosql_coverage --all

Generates coverage map using all Presto functions. The output to be copy-pasted
into velox/docs/functions/coverage.rst file. The functions appear in alphabetical order.
Before generating the coverage map for all Presto functions, please ensure that the data 
files at velox/functions/prestosql/coverage/data/ contain all the Presto functions. To
generate a list of all Presto functions, please run ```SHOW FUNCTIONS``` in Presto.

The list of all scalar, aggregate and window Presto functions comes from
data/all_scalar_functions.txt, data/all_aggregate_functions.txt and
data/all_window_functions.txt files respectively. Therefore, make sure your
current working directory is velox/functions/prestosql/coverage before running
the executable so that these files are picked up correctly.

These files were created using output of SHOW FUNCTIONS Presto command.

> velox_prestosql_coverage --most_used

Generates coverage map using a subset of most used Presto functions. The output
to be copy-pasted into velox/docs/functions/most_used_coverage.rst file. The functions
appear in order from most used to least used.

The list of most used Presto functions comes from data/most_used_functions.txt file.
Therefore, make sure your current working directory is velox/functions/prestosql/coverage
before running the executable so that these files are picked up correctly. It contains
a mix of scalar and aggregate function names in the order from most used to least used.

Commit message:

Add coverage map with function signatures

velox/functions/prestosql/coverage/README.md, after:

# Coverage Maps

Velox includes a subset of scalar, aggregate and window Presto functions.
velox_prestosql_coverage utility is used to generate a list of available
functions and coverage maps showing which subset of all and most used functions
is available. The output uses reStructured text format suitable for use in
Velox documentation.

> velox_prestosql_coverage

Generates a list of Presto functions available in Velox. The output
to be copy-pasted into velox/docs/functions.rst file.

> velox_prestosql_coverage --signatures

Generates a list of Presto functions available in Velox along with the supported
signatures for each function. The output to be copy-pasted into 
velox/docs/functions_with_signatures.rst file.

> velox_prestosql_coverage --all

Generates coverage map using all Presto functions. The output to be copy-pasted
into velox/docs/functions/coverage.rst file. The functions appear in alphabetical order.
Before generating the coverage map for all Presto functions, please ensure that the data 
files at velox/functions/prestosql/coverage/data/ contain all the Presto functions. To
generate a list of all Presto functions, please run ```SHOW FUNCTIONS``` in Presto.

The list of all scalar, aggregate and window Presto functions comes from
data/all_scalar_functions.txt, data/all_aggregate_functions.txt and
data/all_window_functions.txt files respectively. Therefore, make sure your
current working directory is velox/functions/prestosql/coverage before running
the executable so that these files are picked up correctly.

These files were created using output of SHOW FUNCTIONS Presto command.

> velox_prestosql_coverage --most_used

Generates coverage map using a subset of most used Presto functions. The output
to be copy-pasted into velox/docs/functions/most_used_coverage.rst file. The functions
appear in order from most used to least used.

The list of most used Presto functions comes from data/most_used_functions.txt file.
Therefore, make sure your current working directory is velox/functions/prestosql/coverage
before running the executable so that these files are picked up correctly. It contains
a mix of scalar and aggregate function names in the order from most used to least used.
